docs(readme): Update the README for latest serverless v2 and upcoming v3 (#183)
neverendingqs/serverless-dotenv-plugin: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/neverendingqs/serverless-dotenv-plugin/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/neverendingqs/serverless-dotenv-plugin?branch=master)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/serverless-dotenv-plugin.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serverless-dotenv-plugin)

> Preload environment variables into serverless. Use this plugin if you have variables stored in a `.env` file that you want loaded into your Lambda functions.

Reviewer: Objections to references to historical behaviour?

```suggestion
Preload function environment variables into Serverless. Use this plugin if you have variables stored in a `.env` file that you want loaded into your functions.

This used to also preload environment variables into your `serverless.yml` config, but no longer does with `serverless>=2.26.0.
See [this discussion thread](https://github.com/neverendingqs/serverless-dotenv-plugin/discussions/155) or the FAQ below for details on the impact of how environment variables are loaded with `serverless>=2.26.0` and `serverless>=3.0.0`.**
```

## Do you need this plugin?

Serverless Framework can now natively resolve `${env:xxx}` variables from `.env` files by setting [`useDotenv: true` in the configuration](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/environment-variables):

```yaml
useDotenv: true

provider:
  environment:
    FOO: ${env:FOO}
```

> This plugin is still useful if you want to automatically import **all** variables from `.env` into functions:

Reviewer: Not sure if https://github.com/serverless/serverless is looking to support more scenarios (e.g. different `dotenv` files for different stages, different file paths). Until then, I would like to leave users with an alternative.

```suggestion
For more complex situations, you will need to [wire up `dotenv` yourself](https://github.com/neverendingqs/serverless-dotenv-example).

This plugin is only useful if you want to automatically import **all** variables from `.env` into functions:
```

AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=12345xyz
```

> When deploying, all the variables listed in `.env` will automatically be available in the deployed Lambda functions.

Reviewer: Technically across any Cloud functions, although I've never dug into if e.g. Azure or GCP supported `environment:`?

```suggestion
When deploying, all the variables listed in `.env` will automatically be available in the deployed functions.
```
